Literature Surveys
Title :Expense Tracker
Author : Prof Miriam Thomas , Lekshmi P , and Dr. Mahalekshmi T
Year: 2019
Abstract:
The web application “Expense Tracker” is developed to manage the daily expenses in a more
efficient and manageable way. By using this application we can reduce the manual calculations
of the daily expenses and keep track of the expenditure. In this application, the user can provide
his income to calculate his total expenses per day and these results will be stored for each user.
The application has the provision to predict the income and expense for the manager using data
mining. In this application, there are 3 logins such as admin, manager and staff. Admin has the
privilege to add, edit, delete manager, add, edit, delete staff, and to get all custom reports. For
managers, the privileges are to add types of expenses, verify expenses, add types of income,
verify income and generate reports. For staff, the privileges are to add and edit expenses,
income and calculations, and send for verifications.
Title :Expense Manager Application
Author: Velmurugan A, Albert Mayan J , Niranjana P and Richard Francis
Year:2021
Abstract:
Mobile applications are top in user convenience and have overpassed the web applications in
terms of popularity and usability. There are various mobile applications that provide solutions to
manage personal and group expenses but not many of them provide a comprehensive view of
both cases. In this paper, we develop a mobile application developed for the android platform
that keeps record of user personal expenses, his/her contribution in group expenditures, top
investment options, view of the current stock market, read authenticated financial news and
grab the best ongoing offers in the market in popular categories. The proposed application
would eliminate messy sticky notes, spreadsheets confusion and data handling inconsistency
problems while offering the best overview of your expenses. With our application we can
manage their expenses and decide on their budget more effectively.
Title:Intelligent Online Budget Tracker
Author:Girish Bekaroo and Sameer Sunhaloo
Year:2007
Abstract:
We present an intelligent online budget tracker (GeniusIOBT.com) to efficiently manage
household budgets. Our system will help to plan and track household-budget related issues
where members of the system can securely access it anytime from anywhere via the Internet.
The Intelligent Online Budget Tracker not only keeps track of the budget but also provides
means to analyze data via charts and graphs as well as intelligently predicting future budgets
and issues like bankruptcy.
Title :Application for Tracking Personal Expense
Author : M. Harish Kumar, G.P. Shree Harini, D. Thenmullai
Year: 2012
Abstract:
Expense tracker is an android based application. This application allows the user to maintain an
online diary. Expense tracker application will keep a track of Expenses of a user on a day-to-day
basis. It keeps a record of your expenses and also will give you a category wise distribution of
your expenses. With the help of this application users can track their daily/weekly/monthly
expenses. This application will also have a feature which will help you stay on budget by
sending alerts. This app will generate a report at the end of month to show Expense via a
graphical representation. We also have added a special feature which will distribute expenses in
different categories suitable for the user. An expense history will also be provided in application.
Title:Personalized Expense Managing Assistant Using Android
Author:N.ZahiraJahan,K.I.Vinodhini
Year:2016
Abstract:
Mobile applications stood top among usability and user convenience. Many applications are
available in the market to manage personal and group expenses. Not many applications provide
a comprehensive view of both use cases. In this project, we develop a mobile application that
keeps track of user personal expenses, his/her personal contribution towards group expenses;
maintain monthly incomes, recurring and ad hoc payments. It provides information of "who owes
who and by how much". The proposed application would eliminate sticky note, spreadsheet and
ledger that cause confusions, data inconsistency problems while recording and splitting of
expenses. With our application, the user can manage his expenses more effectively. This
application will not only helps users to manage their expenses but also help marketing
executives to plan marketing according to the needs of users
Title:VOICE OPERATED REAL TIME EXPENSE TRACKER USING REACT JAVASCRIPT
Author:Shobhit Sharma and Parth Verma
Year:2021
Abstract:
In today’s technological society, the major role played in people’s life is played by earning. Each
and every person requires money to live and adapt to the standard of living. The today’s
developing generation is growing day by day and in this process of the betterment of the
people’s living quality, the demands of making people's life efficient and quality of life higher
money is the major demand. Therefore, in context to that particular scenario we as a web
developer invested our technical and logical skills in making a user friendly and using the latest
technology, we created a web application called ``The Real-time voice operated expense and
transaction tracking” web application. The Real-time voice operated expense and transaction
tracking application is a web application that acts as a wallet to the people and tracks all the
transactions and expenses that a person is doing in his/her daily life. This application is a voice
command activated application that contributes in providing user interactive UI allowing the
people to easily add and remove the money as per the required date. This is a totally automatic
website that works on voice commands created using React JavaScript libraries. The major
components covered in this voice based application is React JavaScript and MongoDB
database used to store the user data and APIs for User authentication and for data transfer to
backend databases. A user using the application can see a wide range of features in respective
categories. This application gives each user a satisfaction for the login and safety of each and
every particular user also its very user friendly and user oriented application.
Title :Expense Tracker Application
Author : Velmurugan.R , Mrs.P.Usha
Year: 2021
Abstract:
Expense tracker is an android based application. This application allows the user to maintain a
computerized diary. Expense tracker application which will keep a track of Expenses of a user
on a day-to-day basis. This application keeps a record of your expenses and also will give you a
category wise distribution of your expenses. With the help of this application user can track their
daily/weekly/monthly expenses. This application will also have a feature which will help you stay
on budget because you know your expenses. Expense tracker application will generate report at
the end of month to show Expense via a graphical representation. We also have added a
special feature which will distributes your expenses in different categories suitable for the user.
An expense history will also be provided in application.
Title:Online Income and Expense Tracker
Author:S. Chandini, T. Poojitha, D. Ranjith, V.J. Mohammed Akram, M.S. Vani, V. Rajyalakshmi
Year:2019
Abstract:
Income and Expense Tracker will maintain data of daily, weekly, monthly, yearly expenses,
Manages your expenses and earnings in a simple and intuitive way. Users can select the
category of expense, enter other information like the user can capture a photo, add location,
select amount of expense etc. And this will save to the local database. Users can view and sort
expenses as per weekly, monthly, yearly. By using this, we can reduce the manual calculations
for their expenses and keep track of the expenditure. In this, the user can provide his income to
calculate his total expenses per day and these results will be stored for unique users. People
who usually go for trips or movies with friends can use this tracker to maintain their expenses. It
will be easy for them to share the bill in this tracker.This will display a graph as per selected
view. And a user can enter his monthly income or limit of monthly Expense in this tr. This tracker
system provides an integrated set of features to help you to manage your expenses and cash
flow.
Title:D2D EXPENSE TRACKER APPLICATION
Author:Anjali kumar
Year:2019
In the present occupied and costly life we are in an extraordinary race to bring in cash.
However, toward the end of the month's end we severed. As we are accidentally burning
through cash on pretty much nothing and undesirable things. Along these lines, we have come
up with a plan to follow our income. D2D App Expects to help every individual who wants to
know their costs and spare from it. D2D is an android application which clients can execute in
their cellphones and update their day by day expenses with the goal that they are notable to
their costs. It gives data of "who owes who and by how much". Here clients can characterize
their own classes for cost type like food,apparel, lease and bills where they need to enter the
cash that has been spent and furthermore can add some extra data to determine the cost.
Thisapplication won't just encourages clients to deal with their costs yet additionally help
advertising heads to design showcasing as indicated by the requirements ofusers.User can
likewise characterize cost classes.Client will have the option to see pie diagram of cost
Title: Spending Tracker: A Smart Approach to Track Daily Expense
Author: Uday Pratap Singh, Aakash Kumar Gupta, Dr B.Balamurugan
Year:2020
Abstract:
Spending Tracker is a daily expense management system designed to track day-to-day
expenses easily and efficiently. It helps the user to track the daily expenses of unpaid and paid
transactions through a computerized system which eliminates the need for hardcopy output. It
systematically maintains the record of transactions done and easily helps the user to access
data stored.
